Viewing our recipes and editing them in theory works fine.
But we can save our changes.
It will instead create a new recipe because we haven't changed or adjusted the on submit method yet.
However adjusting it is super easy.
Let's do this now.
In the edit recipe typescript file.
So this component does page here in on submit we somehow also need to check which mode we're using to
D to decide if we want to call add recipe or update recipe in our service.
So here I will simply check if the mode equals added and if it is the edit mode then I want to call
my recipe service update recipe method and we do have the index of the recipes stored in this index
property we're retrieving it here an entry on it.
So therefore I can pass this to this update method the index and there after I can simply pass those
values here.
So value title value description value difficulty and my ingredients array.
So that's all the same.
As for the new mode.
But now all the passing on the index and calling a different method.
And I also added the else block for the average case.
The new recipe case and that's all.
With that that should really work fine.
And we should now be able to successfully edit our recipes instead of adding them Yulee over and over
again.
So let's play around with that a bit.
Now back to the application.
I'll add a schnitzel which is very tasty to mix things up.
Click on easy and add a new ingredient.
The french fries.
Let's add it here and let's add the meat to like this.
And then I will add another new ingredient does spaghetti You're which are super tasty as we learned
before which are extremely hard to make and where we only need spaghetti.
Now let's add this to.
Now I want to add to schnitzels Let's go there let's edit the recipe and I will clear my ingredients
and click on edit.
Now let's beautician It's like added edited ingredients are gone.
Let's change it to medium and click on Add ingredient meat and added this well.
This looks pretty good to me.
Here is meat.
Now this looks really how it should work working correctly.
Always taking the adjustments we make.
So this is our recipe our added recipe page working as it should.
Now allowing us to believe create new recipes or editing existing ones missing pieces of course are
to make these add ingredients a shopping list but no work and just delete recipe button.
That should all the do something when we click it.
So let's work on this in the next lectures.